Xiaoxue, how dare I imitate that security guard?
Weird
Forget about that security guard
The restaurant always refused to pay me for various reasons
That security guard is his lackey, let's go
Zhang Xue is here
This is my brother
Hello your brother
You sit first
I'll give the file later.
Waiting for my signature
Manager Fan, don't do this
I waited for you all morning last time
I have to get paid today.
Just say whether to give it today or not.
Yes, of course.
But Xiaoxue, you also know that the company has to talk about the process.
The finance department said that your signature is missing.
Isn't it too busy?
Xiaoxue Company gives you the opportunity to learn
It's not about making money
It is to take the opportunity to study and rest more
Count you, you go outside and ask around
Which Miss Li earns only 1,800 a month?
Xiaoxue, you have to learn to enter
Instead of getting into the eyes of money
This
As long as you want
Follow me to learn more
I can not only get you paid
In the future, you will graduate.
Just stay and be my secretary
What do you think?
Where did you put your hand?
You are Brother Yang Xue